Incompetent construction workers
Failure to obtain Egret citizenship
The Egret nationality returned to Li Bu Muan.
I knew what would happen on top of the deer.
I can't blame you.
I didn't expect it.
The unspoken is so famous.
Compared to King Quang Lang
This is harder to deal with.
We also have to get rid of him.
Also, we may have underestimated Zhuo Bufan.
I've always thought that the bad guys came from the military.
Rough
I quietly used words that always provoked the relationship between the two cousins.
But that didn't make him suspicious.
He recently sent someone undercover to investigate.
It's extraordinary.
There is drama in the village.
We still despise him.
Double Dragon
It's not a bad name, of course.
And reported Ly Real Nguyen construction manager gave an invitation card.
Please come back to the water tonight.
You didn't say what this meant?
Still wanted to see me.
Detailed discussion of cooperation
Wow.
If I'm right.
Certainly after this son returned to control of the Egret International.
The rest avenged what King Quang Lang had done to him earlier.
Luc Thanh Van was shunned by Quang Lang king because of bad work.
I want to join you in dealing with the King.
It turns out that you wait after a child meets.
Let's see how he plans it.
I have a little plan.
How to check his mind ha ha